# User interface changes

* Force directed graphs - FDGs for graphing relationships between edges and nodes. Tremendously useful for high level insights into entry relationships such as network asset discovery based on passive observation of network connections.
 * Added zoom and pan controls to FDG
 * Now supports highlighting of nodes and selection via doubleclick
* Dashboards
 * Syncing of searches upon zoom should be more consistent
 * Better notifications and UX on searches-to-tiles management
 * Better error handling and notifications
 * Improved search progress UX
* Much better handling of window resizing -- rotating from portrait to landscape on mobile should no longer be super ugly
* Charts
 * Added support for area charts
* Pixel pushing...a lot of pixel pushing.
* Numerous other bug fixes and enhancements

# Backend and Ingester changes

* Added Admin control panel to see users active queries and users total storage usage
 * Admin to terminate user searches
* Added ability to search on and exclude empty matches
* Enhanced the math modules to be context aware.
 * Type now transparently merge in the pipeline.
  * Stacked math modules condense appropriately.
* Fixed installer bug where network capture would fail to recognize and use an old config file
* Fixed issue where repeating a search would use a processed query, removing user formatting
* Fixed issue with installer where web files did not receive the correct permissions
* Enhanced pipeline transport reducing memory pressure
 * Throughput increased by up to 30%
* Fixed issue where members of a group could delete dashboards they did not own
* Enhanced licensing system to detect and thwart clock rollbacks
* Slice search module now support relative slice bounds
* Network log ingest module appropriately detects and removes Linux SLL headers
* Added ingester log path for metrics on ingester behavior
* Fixed a potential livelock on ingesters when cache is heavily utilized
* Enhanced table renderer to intelligently sort using previous module hints
* Open-sourced components with BSD license.
* 802.11 & modbus support in packet module.
* ‘eval’ module provides a basic dynamically-typed programming language for use in search queries.
* ‘limit’ module allows user to place hard limits on the number of entries returned in a search.
* Federator to move data across trust boundaries.
* Improved documentations and examples throughout.
