# Changelog for version 4.0.3

### Released Oct 6 2020

## Web UI Changes
* Added timeframe locking so that users can lock a session to a specific timeframe.
* Added ability to mark dashboards as Global.
* Fixed issue where zooming into an overview graph wasn't respecting maximum zoom level.
* Fixed issue with adding tiles to a newly created dashboard would sometimes fail.
* Fixed issue where JSON tree wasn't rendering properly.
* Added additional deployment info to Kit installation page.
* Added progress indicators to kit installation.
* Fixed issue where admins could not edit templates of other users.
* Improved responsiveness of UI when lots of actionable targets are displayed.
* Fixed issue where dashboard sharing state is lost after modifying the dashboard.
* Fixed issue where table columns were not updating after a refresh.
* Fixed issue where dialog would not fire on unsaved changes when leaving a script editor.
* Improved rendering of table columns when there is one very wide column.
* Improved behavior of timeframe memory across multiple searches

## Backend Changes
* Enhanced Webserver logging when rejecting TLS certificates.
* Fixed issue with [IP](#!search/ip/ip.md#Supported_Options) module using the `-or` flag.
* Improved the statup performance of indexers with very large data sets.
* Improved hinting on charts when stats modules specify specify math bucketing timeframes.
* Enabled indexers to start in a degraded replication state for better disaster survival.
* Fixed UserFile API to allow for setting all fields during creation.
* Fixed issue where stats module wasn't hinting properly when using the `DATA` keyword.
* Fixed issue where saving a search using the [raw](#!search/raw/raw.md) renderer caused re-attach commands to fail.
* Fixed issue where `DATA` keyword could not be used for charts
* Fixed issue where Author field for a playbook was not properly saved
* Added Backup and Restore [APIs](#!api/management.md#Performing_a_system_backup).
* Added access to [Backup and Restore functions](#!scripting/scriptingsearch.md#Management_Functions) to search scripting system.
* Fixed issue that prevented setting dashboard groups on dashboard creation.
* Upgraded Golang runtime to [1.15.2](https://golang.org/doc/go1.15)
* Added Archive download format for all searches.
* Added API to [import search archives](#!api/searchctrl.md#Importing_a_saved_search_archive).
* Added ability to recovery from corrupted indexes without halting an active search.

## Ingesters and Ingest Library Changes
* Added ability to bind to named sockets on Federator.
* Added [MSGraph](#!ingesters/ingesters.md#Microsoft_Graph_API_Ingester) ingester to interact with the Microsoft Graph API.

## General/Miscellaneous
* Added [drop](#!ingesters/preprocessors/preprocessors.md#Drop_Preprocessor) pre-processor module.
