# Changelog for version 4.1.4

### Released March 4 2021

## Backend Changes
* Updated [syslog](#!search/syslog/syslog.md#Structured_Data) module to better handle messages with multiple structured data payloads.
* Added `-x` flag to the [json](#!search/json/json.md#Arrays) module to support expansion of arrays in JSON entries.
* Exposed the [open source client](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/gravwell/gravwell/v3/client#Client) package in scripts using the [getClient](#!scripting/scriptingsearch.md#Built-in_functions) function.
* Updated the [kv](#!search/kv/kv.md) module to better handle delimeters for the default case.
* Updated the [kv](#!search/kv/kv.md) module to better handle empty values and also enable the `as` reassignment keyword.
* Added additional metadata to saved searches to support upload tagging.
* Updated indexing system to trim unused file space on very small indexes.

## Frontend Changes
* Added search import functionality to allow importing saved search archives into persistent searches.
* Added ability to stop a long running search and keep existing results.
* Fixed issue where downloading a remote kit could fail.
* Improved responsiveness to kit install monitoring and notifications.
* Fixed issue where timeframe locking could drift with multiple tabs open.
* Fixed issue where queries imported into templates and macros were sanitized and expanded.
* Fixed issue where saving a query to the library caused query macros to be expanded.
* Fixed issue where custom timeframe durations in dashboards could cause tiles to not render.
* Fixed issue where non-temporal tiles in a dashboard would not draw when the timeframe was updated.
* Fixed issue where [numbercard](#!search/gauge/gauge.md) renderer precision settings were incorrect.
* Fixed issue where live update setting on searches was lost when the query string was modified.
* Fixed issue where adding multiple actions to an actionable required manual saves.
* Fixed issue where hiding columns on the [table](#!search/table/table.md) renderer caused the column settings to persist across new searches.
* Fixed issue where custom duration dialog was allowing invalid duration values.
* Fixed issue where [text](#!search/text/text.md) renderer would sometimes fail to draw enumerated values for entries.
* Improved handling of investigative dashboards so that new tiles will not prompt for variable if it is already set.
* Updated timeframe selector to allow for other timezones.


## Ingesters & API Changes
* Updated [zeek docker container](https://hub.docker.com/r/gravwell/zeek) to Zeek 3.2.3 and added several ICS plugins.
* Added ability to specify [custom time formats](#!ingesters/customtime/customtime.md) in ingester configs.
* Updated search API to include `Addendum` member in all message types.
* Added `Preview` member flag to start search requests to allow for rapid data previews.
