# Changelog for version 4.1.0

### Released January 6 2021

## Web UI Changes
* Allow  multiple variables and default values in templates
* Actionables now support templates with multiple variables
* Add Web UI based data ingester
* The Web UI has been upgraded to use Angular 8

## Backend Changes
* Added indexer/webserver API version negotiation - SEE NOTE BELOW - THIS HAS POTENTIAL DEPLOYMENT CONSIDERATIONS
* Implemented Compound Queries, enabling sequential, in-order, queries that share data
* Added [enrich](#!search/enrich/enrich.md) module
* Updated `dump` module to support a temporal mode
* Queries now skip bad/corrupted blocks in shards, continue searching, issue a warning instead of just aborting the query
* Added the `repack` command to the CLI
* Changed the `CEF` module to not require non-header values to be prefixed with `Ext.`
* Enhanced query recovery when a back storage block is encountered, queries will no longer fail.
* Updated SAML system to address protential security issue related to Golang XML parsing.
* Added Archive download time for saving query results in importable form.
* Enhanced reliability to search modules when encountering an unknown fault, query modules will not halt the search and inform the user.
* Fixed issue in anko scripts where `toDuration` was not handling some types correctly.
* Added `categorize` flag to the [ip](#!search/ip/ip.md#Supported_Options) module.


## Ingesters & Ingest Library Changes
* Implemented a Cisco ISE log preprocessor

## General/Miscellaneous
* Windows installers are now fully signed

## Notes
* Beginning in version 4.1.0, the Gravwell indexer and webserver now negotiate and enforce API versioning. This means that a 4.1.0 webserver cannot connect to an older indexer and vice versa. Consider all indexer and webserver versions before upgrading.
