# Changelog for version 4.2.1

### Released August 13 2021

## Frontend Changes
* Users can now define persistent custom timeframes and modify the order of the timeframe picker menu.
* Improved selection within data explorer timeframe overview: user selection now has start/end labels, duration of selection is shown, and times are now displayed in user's locale.
* Ownership and permissions of existing autoextractors are now displayed in the data explorer extractor picker dialog.
* Fixed issue where data explorer didn't always wait for long-running searches to complete.
* Queries executed by the data explorer will no longer appear in the history page.

## Backend Changes
* Added [`truncate` module](#!search/truncate/truncate.md).
* Added `total` operator to [stats module](#!search/stats/stats.md).
* Fixed corner case where uploading an expired but valid license would throw an error rather than checking the Gravwell license server for an update.
* Fixed some irregularities in autoextractor parsing.
* Fixed case where certain log messages were being dropped due to over-long MsgID fields.
* AX validation API now checks parameters more thoroughly.
* Improved handling of long-running requests in httpPost and httpGet anko functions.
* Added structured data component to Gravwell logs.
* Tweaked confidence levels for data explorer field extraction suggestions to make sure "more specific" data types are always at the top.

## Ingester, CLI, and Library Changes
* Fixed bug where the CLI could not download certain dormant queries.