# Changelog for version 4.2.0

### Released July 26 2021

## New Features and Default Configuration Changes
* Data Explorer and automatic AX generation.
* Query Studio reaches beta.
* Updated default gravwell.conf to help avoid out-of-disk errors.

## Frontend Changes
* Fix a time zone offset issue with date range queries.
* Fix an issue where the "Load more" button in a table shows despite fully loaded results.
* Fix stats-related issues to correctly align overview chart with incoming data.
* Add more detail to license info page.
* Add detail to browser page title.
* UX improvements for timeframe locking.
* Improved UX of left naviation drawer, featuring kit-branded contextual navigation.
* Improve tooltips in map renderers.
* Improved availability and usability of actionables.
* Various UX improvements and minor bug fixes.

## Backend Changes
* Implemented AX functionality for JSON, Netflow, Syslog, IPFIX, CEF, and Winlog data types.
* Implemented [dns](#!search/dns/dns.md) module.
* Implemented [anonymize](#!search/anonymize/anonymize.md) module.
* Implemented automatic license updating for applicable customers.
* Improved detection & handling of conflicting items during kit installation.
* Indexer, Webserver, and SearchAgent generate internal logs as compliant RFC5424 messages and are automatically ingested into the gravwell tag.
* Fixed handling of delimiters for fields acceleration.
* Webserver now detects updated tags much sooner after ingest.
* Fixed geoip module's "always strict" bug, `-s` flag is now properly respected.
* Fixed logic error in update checking code.
* Fixed bug where typing a newline immediately before a search macro would cause a parse error.
* Fixed importing of archived searches using the pointmap renderer.
* Fixed issue where downloading JSON results from the `text` renderer could mangle binary data.
* Simple table displays (e.g. `tag=foo json user email | table user email`) are now automatically sorted by time unless another sort is specified.
* Enabled [per tag acceleration definitions](#!configuration/accelerators.md#Accelerating_Specific_Tags) that are independent from well assignment.
* Added preview flag to queries where indexers will find enough recent data to draw results and shutdown automatically.
* Improved logic around query termination to enable faster query aborts.

## Ingester, CLI, and Library Changes
* All ingesters now perform self logging via a properly formated RFC5424 logging format.
* Fixed issue where an error was not properly relayed when no search protocol was defined.
* Updated kit signature validation code to allow for custom signature hooks.
* Increased verbocity of fatal error logs so that all goroutines are there.
* Improved name validation in macro names.
* Added README to kit metadata files.
* Added the [kitctl](https://github.com/gravwell/gravwell/tree/master/kitctl) command to simplify managing kits in git repositories.

## Security Changes
* Upgraded the Go runtime to [1.16.6](https://golang.org/doc/go1.16).
