# Changelog for version 5.0.1

### Released April 27 2022

## Web UI Changes

* Added docs for "Read Macro" and "JS" nodes.
* Added support for code input.
* Added support for building playbook embedded images into kits when building kits.
* Fixed an issue that caused infinite loading when navigation is canceled.
* Handle WS errors more gracefully.
* Cap ingestion calendar to 100 years.
* Fixed an issue that caused title/breadcrumb for Scripts to display incorrectly.
* Fixed a timeframe/zoom issue when scrolling a list of results.
* Added an activation guard for query library form.
* Fixed a hex renderer bug.
* Fixed a timezone form bug.
* Fixed a display quirk for data points in line charts.
* Fixed a decoding issue for number card options.
* Fixed a group name display issue.
* Fixed an "undefined" username display issue.
* Improved actionable.action form UX.
* Removed unsafe sanitization methods.
* Various style fixes.

## Backend Changes

* Fixed an issue that prevented Data Explorer from applying filters to the `ipfix` module.
* Fixed an issue that caused the `grok` module to extract incorrect portions of regular expressions.
* Fixed an issue that caused the Gravwell Webserver to panic with malformed input in the `lookup` module.
* Module flags now unescape input.
* Added the [communityid](#!search/communityid/communityid.md) module.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the numbercard renderer from correctly following aliased EV names.
* Added the [JavaScript](#!flows/nodes/javascript.md) node to Flows.
* The `json` module now supports the `-x` flag when used in an AX.
* Added the [path](#!search/path/path.md) module.
* Fixed a bug that caused the `json` module to take an abnormally long time to parse queries.
* Improved IP notation parsing in the `ipfix` module.
* Added the [Read Macro](#!flows/nodes/macroget.md) node to Flows.


## Ingesters & Ingest Library Changes

* Added the [Shodan](#!ingesters/shodan.md) ingester to the open source repository.
* Added support for the "targets" API in the Shodan ingester.


## General/Miscellaneous

* Fixed a race in the Gravwell Client Library Close() function.
