# Changelog for version 5.0.2

### Released May 20 2022

## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed issue where tag names were not being resolved correctly when displaying raw data.
* Fixed issue where the persistent searches API was being polled too aggressively.
* Fixed an issue where certain API endpoints were being over-requested.
* Fixed an issue that caused GUI to freeze when interacting with kits.
* Added support for legacy tiles that use saved query in dashboard settings.
* Fixed issue where dashboards could load the wrong saved query from kit when a kit is installed multiple times and shared by multiple users.
* Fixed an issue where flow connections remain drawn after node deletion
* Fixed an issue where flow connections are not restored
* Fixed the "edit" link for searches in dashboards installed from kits
* Fixed issue where some old dashboards would not show up in favorites menu.

### Other Changes

* Search progress now shows in Search Results and Query Studio
* Changed stats "dripper" to show ingested rather than stored data.
* Improved local caching behavior on logout.


## Backend Changes

* Fixed issue where search scratch directories were not put in the proper location.
* Fixed issue where the stats module was not distributing properly in clustered deployments.
* Fixed issue where the `unique_count` function on stats prevented saving and restoring a search.
* Improved handling of JPEG, PNG, and GIF files when included into a flow PDF.
* Improved behavior of fuse search module when enumerated value types differ.
* Added better compression to webserver HTTP response handlers.
* Added `tar` and `compression` libraries to the anko scripts engine.
* Improved responsiveness to queries that sample, making them terminate faster when results are available.

## Ingesters & Ingest Library Changes


## General/Miscellaneous

* Added Load Average and IOWait stats to HostSysStats structure.
