# Changelog for version 5.0.3

### Released June 16 2022

## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fix an issue where pointmap tooltips won't close
* Fix an issue where the Location Settings modal on a pointmap repeatedly opens
* Fix an issue where users could choose a search group that they did not belong to
* Prevent nested token checkboxes from overlapping in Chrome 103/104.
* Fix an issue where the UI would freezes when "Launch Search" button was pressed several times per second
* Fix an issue where templates would not launch from actionables
* Fix an issue where actionables were unable to launch certain dashboards
* Fix an issue where dashboards could not be opened immediately after creation
* Fix an issue where asset names were unnecessarily capitalized 
* Fix an issue where it was not possible to favorite a kit inside the kit tab
* Remove old tutorial messages
* Decode UTF-8 bytes before displaying data in raw/text renderers
* Fix an apparently "infinite loading" issue due caused by lack of permission
* Fix a reactivity problem with side menu favorites
* Add missing styles for favorites
* Fix a flows display issue
* Fix an issue displaying Saved Queries recently installed from kits
* Fix an issue with flows search/filtering
* Fix an issue where favoriting a staged (not deployed) kit creates dead favorites link
* Fix an issue where the erong owner was displayed when editing an user's actionable as an admin
* Fix an issue where dashboard minimized tile doesn't dissapear when we maximize it
* Add missing autoextractor modal info button styles
* Buffer enter key presses in Query Studio
* Show parsing status for user on query studio
* Enable Firefox private browsing storage
* Fix an issue where a dashboard won't link to a playbook without hard reload
* Fix an issue where the dashboard can get into a weird blank state
* Fix a UX issue related to showing flow node inspector
* Fix an issue where pointmap map markers remain in active state after de-selecting
* Fix an issue where the Query Studio struggles to keep up with rapidly changing renderer type
* Fix an issue where Query Studio does not update stats on long running queries
* Fix an issue where the stats websocket is always fired and repeately times out
* Handle a null-UUID error when displaying ingester info
* Fix a style issue in favorites
* Fix an issue where websocket connection banner shows unnecessarily

### New Additions

* Filter autocomplete suggestions as user types flow variable name
* Show search progress in Search Results and Query Studio
* New query library list
* Highlight data that is next to floating "expand" box on text renderer

## Backend Changes

* Fixed a bug in the `cef` module that caused no entries to drop when using filters.
* Fixed a bug in the `ip` module that caused no entries to drop when using the `-or` flag.
* Propagate tag maps into `eval` module processing so `TAG` resolves to a name instead of a number.
* Fixed a bug that prevented a non-admin user from making changes to globally accessible items that they own.
* Added a "Last Scheduled" timestamp to flow and script info.
* Fixed a bug in the `searchgroup` API that failed to remove a user from the group.

## Ingesters & Ingest Library Changes

* Added SASL support to the Kafka Federator. 
* Added a Sysmon configuration option when installing the `winevent` ingester.
* Updated the Google `pubsub` ingester to limit needed privileges. 


## General/Miscellaneous

* Installers now wrap `Ingest-Secret` and other secrets in quotes by default.
* Added a `type` field to the lines ingest API.
* Moved the `/api/indexer/info` API to `/api/stats/wellstats`
