# Changelog for version 5.1.1

### Released 14 October 2022

## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed issue where storage stats on indexers were not updating.
* Fixed an issue where live search interval was ignored in Query Studio.
* Fixed issue where non-self-describing modules were not using the ax module when applying element filters.
* Corrected details pane entry count.
* Fixed issue where applying element filters would not use arguments.
* Fixed a display issue with Template name/description in Dashboard query picker.
* Fixed an issue where users could not set configuration macros on kit install.
* Removed outdated release notification.
* Fixed issue where ingester list displayed incorrect grouped entries count.
* Changed scheduling toggle so that enabling the control also enables scheduling
* Fixed an issue where dashboard queries could be overwritten in dashboard settings
* Fixed changelog link on the welcome screen.
* Added granularity disclaimer to point2point chart.
* Removed TimestampComponent that reformatted timestamps in a table.
* Disabled details pane toggle button when search entries are not text|raw.
* Moved RowNav into meta column instead of floating buttons.
* Fixed issue where a search could not be backgrounded on the Persistent Searches page.
* Fixed issue where words parsing would not display depending on scrolling state.
* Disabled "send to background" when a search is live.
* Fixed issue where incorrect dashboards were shown as having a dependency on a template while editing the template.
* Allowed save on resources modal form when labels/permissions change.
* Fixed issue where non-admin user was able to see and interact with "Admin only" UI elements.
* Fixed issue with invalid settingsInput form causing DE search to hang.
* Fixed video chapters selection on home page.
* Updated to wipe element filters after they've been applied and query has updated.
* Changed ingester list to update every five seconds.

### New Additions

* Add prompt for user to decide on query param timeframe or lock timeframe in dashboards.
* Add details pane for table results. 
* Use associated ax to display nested entries for binary data when possible.

## Backend Changes

### New Features

* The `geoip` module now supports IPv6 for ASN lookups.
* Data explorer with XML is now more robust with regards to whitespace.
* The `iplookup` module now supports inline filtering.
* Relaxed RFC3164 rules for data extraction to support more (invalid) forms of RFC3164.
* The `kv` module now supports any available flags in pre made AX descriptions in Data Explorer. 
* Searchagent now can optionally backfill missed runs.


### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue that prevented the limit module from correctly reporting stats in cluster mode.
* Improved handling of values that need to be quoted in Data Explorer.
* Complex mode is no longer engaged in the `stats` module when all `by` keywords are identical.
* Fixed an issue that prevented the tab character from correctly rendering in PDFs.

## Ingester Changes

* Added RFC6587 support to Simple Relay.

## Other Changes

* Added the Unified Generator.

