# Changelog for version 5.1.4

### Released 5 January 2023

## New Additions

* Actionables can now be launched in new browser tab.
* Flow and script errors can now be cleared en masse.
* Ingesters now report their hostname when possible.
* Added safety net on eval loops to reduce foot shooting.
* Added field on error logs for failed flows to indicate which flow node caused the failure.
* Debug messsages on flow logs now have timestamps.
* All components now check capability flags and complain if they are missing.
* Added kitctl to the gravwell-tools package.
* Added ability to backfill flows to reschedule when runs are missed.
* Added unary operators on the [eval module](/search/eval/eval).
* Added [global email config](/configuration/email) system to share an email relay and control destinations.
* Hostnames are now included in remote ingester list.
* Added `DirectAdmin` timestamp format to TimeGrinder.
* Multiple run results are now tracked in flows.

## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Added more clarity to the last run displays on Flows.
* Fixed issue where slow networks could cause query results to get stuck in "Fetching data..."
* Fixed issue where some dashboards wouldn't stick in the favorites left nav.
* Improved some cache busting for Safari when Gravwell is updated.
* Fixed issue in systems and health page where multiple disks could cause the system to not display wells.
* Improved responsiveness on DE2 when clicking through many entries.
* Improved handling of word filters when a query contains multiple tags.
* Fixed issue where shared flows were not rendering for non-owners.
* Fixed issue where UI didn't respond well when a query exceeded the configured result size.
* Improved enumerated value panel on search results.
* Fixed geolocation fencing on highly zoomed heatmaps.
* Fixed issue where a the table renderer would not render columns if the table header had certain characters.
* Improved how dashboards report their last execution time.
* Fixed issue where an admin would assume ownership of a playbook when they edited it.
* Fixed issue where executing a preview search while in a locked timeframe broke the side nav.
* Fixed issue where filter toggle button was overlapping other buttons in the Query Library.
* Improved data refresh when a user changes their group.
* Fixed up some old documentation links.
* Fixed issue where "big red bar of death" would overlap side nave and prevent nav expansion.

## Backend Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed high resource usage when multiple emails are waiting in the output queue.
* Fixed issue where the `unique` operator in the [stats module](/search/stats/stats) was not binning properly.
* Fixed issue where two successive sorts and the second sort used time did not properly sort.
* Fixed issue where some some labels could be dropped from resources when packed into a kit.
* Fixed issue where min/max operators would drop some other unrelated EVs on entries.
* Fixed issues where wrapped `$` characters in regular expressions could break some macros.
* Fixed issue where `unique_count` wasn't binning correctly with temporal queries.
* Improved responsiveness of distribution of very large resources.
* Fixed issue where query rewriting on data explorer did not handle a words filter after multiple module filters.
* Fixed an issue with kit config macros when sharing kits.

## Ingester Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Changed `dup2` syscall to `dup3` so that we can build everything on ARM64.
* Added startup checks on capability flags to help with debugging broken installs.
* Fixed issue with Corelight JSON to TSV preprocesor where tabs were rendered in the output data.
* 
