# Changelog for version 5.2.2

## Released 14 April 2023

## New Additions

* New [Trim search modules](/search/trim/trim) added.
* New [Syslog Router preprocessor](ingesters/preprocessors/syslogrouter).
* Added `Required-Retention` <a href="/configuration/ageout.html#forcing-a-required-retention-period">flag</a> for ageout configuration.
* Added `-maxtracked` <a href="/search/stats/stats.html#the-maxtracked-flag">flag</a> for Unique and Stats modules.
* Added `has()` builtin to [eval](/search/eval/eval). 
* Added data explorer clickability to Query Studio Fields tab.
* Added an option to Enable/Disable actionables.
* Added an option to Download a shared File.
* Added an option to Copy link to a File.
* Added ability for an admin to change the ownership of a File.


## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Added adjustable split panes to details view to adjust for long values.
* Fixed an issue where details pane would not show entry info.
* Fixed an issue where extractors with missing description field would fail to render on edit page.
* Fixed an issue where actionables did not work with text/raw renderer.
* Fixed an issue where "No well filter" state was confusing on the data calendar.
* Fixed issue where disk usage percentage was incorrect on hardware disk graphs.
* Fixed an issue where the new timeframe wasn't used after unlocking.
* Fixed an issue where launching a query with a locked timeframe from a Dashboard would fail.
* Restored upload and download buttons to Dashboards JSON editor.


## Backend Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed limit-checking in shard validation.
* Fixed check of feeder tags vs filter tags.
* Fixed an issue where preprocessors were not maintaining intrinsic EVs.
* Fixed an issue which failed to launch a query with compound elements.
* Fixed an issue which resulted in no GUI response when a Preview search was performed and no data was found.
* Fixed an issue which could cause the JSON module to crash.
* Fixed an issue with slice boundaries [0:0].
* Fixed a concurrent map write that caused an indexer crash.
* Fixed table query formatting for the Mattermost node in Flows.
* Fixed TLS and host handling in load balancer.
* Implied default tag when tag is missing for parsable query.
* Improved shard freezing/sweeping and map pressure.
* Improved autocomplete suggestions for partially-typed words.
* Improved diagnostics for eval to handle underscores in variable names.
* Improved diagnostics for invalid queries. 
* Improved hinting for syslog key names.
* Improved tag constraint logic.
* Improved module level constraints. 
* Improved response for uploading an expired license which has an update available on the license server.
* Updated ABAC rules on some information-only API endpoints.

## Ingester Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Implemented fix to track HEC IDs per request ID for HTTP ingester.

