# Changelog for version 5.3.0

## Released 24 May 2023

## New Additions

* New support for [Capability Based Access Control](/cbac/cbac).
* Added a [go code flow node](/flows/nodes/scriggo).
* Added [Cloud Archive FTP backend](/configuration/archive).
* Added ability to forget a missing ingester.
* Added banner to inform user of version mismatch.
* Added ability to delete email configuration.
* Added option to exclude intrinsic EVs for data ingester.
* Added eval assisted multi filtering and acceleration.


## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue where wordcloud would not render "important" large words.
* Fixed an issue where the cursor was invisible in some Dark themes.
* Fixed an issue where the wrong toast message was shown when canceling data ingestion.
* Fixed an issue where edit/delete icons sometimes did not appear on extractors page.
* Improved escape and enter key consistency across modals and forms.
* Persisted flow editor settings.
* Prevented new password fields from autofilling.
* Prevented default form action on `/g` flag click in actionable triggers.
* Resized page content height when global error is present.

## Backend Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed autocomplete suggestions for EVs in AX modules.
* Fixed a stats bucketing issue by throwing blocks at the beginning timestamp of the given range instead of the end.
* Fixed an issue with FileFollower exiting if there were a large number of nested files.
* Fixed an issue where flow PDFs would only include one query instead of all queries.
* Fixed an issue where the kit server would not enumerate all kits available for older client versions.
* Improved performance for preview search queries.

