# Changelog for version 5.4.4

## Released 23 January 2024

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added the ability to retain searches that dispatched an Alert as Persistent Searches for a specified period.
* Added Alerts to kit building.
* Added the ability to disable Flow nodes.
* Added improved ingest rate stats in Systems & Health.
* Added a file extension `.kit` for Kits.
* Added Title, Fallback, and Color fields to the Mattermost Message node in Flows.
* Added webserver cache for expensive API requests.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue that caused the rocket to spin during login until the page was refreshed. 
* Fixed an issue that caused slow typing in Query Studio when using Safari.
* Fixed an issue that caused the table to hang when rendering large entries in Query Studio.
* Fixed an issue with temporal mode on `first` when using a cluster deployment.
* Fixed an issue with displaying schema validation error to an admin for an Alert owned by another user.
* Fixed an issue with Scripts prompting for unsaved changes after debugging.
* Fixed an issue with Extractors prompting for unsaved changes when no change was made.
* Fixed an issue with downloading an extractor backup during kit install when a conflict exists.
* Fixed an issue with navigating to a partially installed kit. 
* Fixed an issue with downloading an upgrade from Kit Archives.
* Fixed an issue with vertical autoscaling using stackgraph.
* Fixed an issue where upload errors were not displayed on the License page.
* Fixed an issue where the no capabilities error was not displayed for Tokens.
* Fixed an issue where live updates sometimes would not update a Dashboard until after a page refresh.
* Fixed an issue where the same shard could not be quarantined twice.
* Fixed an issue where non-admin users were not able to snooze notifications.
* Fixed a regression in the `eval` module.
* Improved snoozed notifications behavior.
* Improved login error message for locked accounts.
* Improved error logging for Flow node timeouts.
* Improved Query Studio performance.
* Improved Indexer page performance for cold shard tracking.
* Removed unnecessary strict flag from `maclookup`.

## Ingesters

### Additions

* Added the ability to specify URL parameters that are attached to environment variables on routes with HTTP ingester.
* Added the ability to attach environment variables on ingesters.
* Added File-Filters globbing to S3/SQS listener.
* Added better debug post logging for the HTTP ingester when tag override is set in the URL.

### Bug Fixes

* Enforced TLS 1.2 as minimum required version on HTTP ingester and Simple Relay.
* Fixed an unsafe usage of scanner `Bytes()` method with a limited impact on the HTTP ingester.
* Fixed an issue with S3/SQS ingester to delete messages in the same batch as received.
* Fixed an issue where File Follower ingester could not catch up on start up scan with a high write rate.
* Improved Federator performance when connected to many ingesters.

## Kits

### Additions

* Updated Corelight Kit to fix inconsistencies with `auth_success` booleans. 
