# Changelog for version 5.4.10

## Released 21 June 2024

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added support for the Splunk migration tool to work with free licenses.
* Added admin attribute support for SAML.

### Bug Fixes
 
* Fixed an issue to support direct query with no tag grants.
* Fixed an issue where the gravwell-tools shell installer cleared capabilities on `gravwell/bin/` binaries.
* Fixed an issue where a Flow could be stuck executing in debug mode if debugging was started prior to an initial save. 
* Fixed an issue where Scheduled Searches appeared to stop processing due to an overly long timeout.
* Fixed an issue where the UI would stall when the remote Kit server was inaccessible.
* Fixed an issue where the live update toggle for Dashboards would disable without warning on bad interval.
* Fixed an issue with indexers refusing to exit for replication closing. 
* Fixed Macro expansion bug that occurred when a field was wrapped in raw quotes.
* Fixed escape logic for filter requests.
* Fixed escape logic for r-values of filters.
* Fixed formatting logic for raw quoted tokens.
* Improved performance of query parsing when there are many Extractors in the system.
* Improved performance when searching for Extractors when there are many Extractors in the system.
* Improved performance of the tag selector on the Extractors form when there are many Tags in the system.

## Ingester Changes

### Additions

* Added support for File Follower to start even if a watched (transient) directory is missing.

### Bug Fixes
* Fixed an issue with the HTTP Ingester where the embedded HTTP logger was throwing non-RFC5424 messages.