# Changelog for version 5.4.7

## Released 04 April 2024

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added a new option to the [HTTP Flow node](/flows/nodes/http) to allow interpretation of `Content-Type` and response casting.
* Added optional keys to the [Throttle Flow node](/flows/nodes/throttle) so that users can throttle based on a value in an Alert. 
* Added the ability for non-admin users to mass delete Alerts that they own.
* Added icons for Alerts to improve sharing visibility.
* Added icons for Alerts to improve visibility when associating with Scheduled Searches and Flows. 
* Added repair for indexer storage header that failed.
* Allowed duplicated structure data in syslog.  
* Introduced new option to sort certain charts by field or magnitude.


### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with sorting Persistent Searches. 
* Fixed an issue where stale searches would be displayed in Persistent Searches.
* Fixed an issue where filters were not persisted for Persistent Searches. 
* Fixed an issue where replication would fail if there was a folder in the storage location that was not named as expected.
* Fixed an issue where word cracking requests in Query Studio would fail after websocket encountered an error or closed.
* Fixed an issue where the association between a Scheduled Search and an Alert was lost after editing the Scheduled Search.
* Fixed an issue where Query Library would prompt the user to save even if no changes had been made.
* Fixed an issue where a Flow would incorrectly indicate it had been edited after saving. 
* Fixed an issue where debugging a Flow would prompt the user unnecessarily. 
* Fixed an issue where the cursor position sometimes appeared incorrect for text input. 
* Fixed an issue where a websocket was still available after the Search capability was removed from a user.
* Fixed an issue where a non-admin user was able to make an Extractor global via an API request.
* Improved behavior in memory-limited environments.
* Improved error handling and logging for impersonation failures when debugging a Flow owned by another user.
* Improved performance on the search History page. 
* Improved performance related to ingest reader timeouts when there is a large number of endpoints with dead connections. 
* Improved startup time when lots of replicated shards are present. 
* Improved shard restoration logic. 
* Improved logging around Scheduled Search retries.
* Improved logging for indexer startup and shutdown.


## Ingesters

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue where the Attach directive was missing some entries if those entries were cached.
* Improved logging when negotiating tags. 


## Kits

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed a syntax error in the GlobalProtect dashboard for the PaloAlto kit.  