# Changelog for version 5.4.1

## Released 12 October 2023

## New Additions

* Added the ability to enable/disable Alerts.
* Added empty array index syntax to the `json` module.

## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with poor performance for large entries in Query Studio.
* Fixed an issue where the Library and History in the Query Studio side menu would not populate the query bar.
* Fixed an issue where an Extractor with empty parameters could not be edited.
* Fixed an issue where Schedule Searches would prompt for unsaved changes when no change had been made.
* Fixed an issue where Templates would not prompt for unsaved changes before exiting.
* Fixed an issue that caused the cursor to jump around when editing a variable in a Template query.
* Fixed an issue that allowed assets to be created with a whitespace-only name.
* Fixed an issue that allowed invalid characters to be typed in for Font Size preferences.
* Prevented passwords from being auto-populated on user forms and preferences.

## Backend Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with some RPM packages missing postinstall service restart command.
* Fixed an issue where preferences would be returned for deleted users.
* Fixed an issue where `eval` provided invalid acceleration hints.
* Fixed an issue where `taint` would not respect the `-a` flag and would not drop on a failed match.
* Fixed an issue where `printf` would drop instead of printing `<nil>` when an EV does not exist.
* Fixed an issue where quoted words were incorrectly interpreted as flags.
* Fixed an issue that prevented queries from completing if float resulted in NaN, +Inf, or -Inf.
* Fixed a special case for time math in the `eval` module.
* Fixed some formatting issues related to data explorer.
* Improved http cache handler to better limit caching for tiles and kits.
* Improved ax processing performance for `csv`. 

## Ingester Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with ingesters not reporting listeners when pushing configs.