# Changelog for version 5.4.2

## Released 07 November 2023

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added the ability to map a single Extractor to multiple tags.
* Added s3 ingester worker pool.
* Added preference option to word wrap inside query editor. 
* Added additional fields to Event metadata for Alerts so that the triggering event can be queried.
* Added ability to dismiss timeframe editor without saving changes.
* Added new stats APIs to improve performace in Systems & Health.

### Bug Fixes

* Added more validation for live update interval.
* Added error message for exceeding max password length.
* Disabled save buttons for Alerts if the user is not allowed to modify.
* Fixed an issue where persistent searches cleaned up during list fetch would stall Persistent Search list page.
* Fixed an issue where admins couldn't see Alerts owned by other users.
* Fixed an issue where caret cursor was not visible in dark themes.
* Fixed an issue where new explore entries were not fetched for new searches.
* Fixed an issue where Flows failed to open when clicking the link in the Alert consumers list.
* Fixed an issue where stale live searches on Dashboards would not be cleaned up. 
* Fixed an issue where `Update all tiles when zooming` option in Dashboards would fail to zoom some tiles.
* Fixed an issue where the performance stats in Query Studio were incorrectly gated by SystemInfoRead capability.
* Fixed an issue where the `-t` flag for the `dump` module was not working.
* Fixed an issue with broken pie charts.
* Fixed an issue where heatmap would not work in non-temporal mode.
* Fixed an issue where Alert consumers could be referenced by ID instead of GUID.
* Fixed an issue that could result in a crash during search shutdown.
* Fixed an issue that could result in a crash when hitting the searchHistoryUserGroup API. 
* Fixed comment handling during Data Exploration events.
* Improved performance in Query Studio by removing extraneous poll requests to Extractors API. 
* Improved performance by canceling in-progress Persistent Search list requests after navigating away from the page.
* Improved sort order for least found values in query performance stats.
* Improved json object/array detections in `eval`.
* Improved error message for text renderer chart zooming that results in too many results.
* Improved handling and cleanup of searches that fail.
* Removed expanded well details and sunbursts from Disks view due to nuances with well-to-disk mapping. 

## Ingesters

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed a critical issue where a high load combined with preprocessors could result in dropped entries.
* Removed restrictive HEC server timeouts for the HTTP ingester.

## Kits

### Additions

* Added a new PiHole kit. 