# Changelog for version 5.4.3

## Released 30 November 2023

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added filtering and grouping of Dispatchers and Consumers on the Alert form.
* Added the option to select a Query Library item for a Scheduled Search.
* Added multi-tag Extractor support to Kits.
* Added manager startup options for docker to specify user/group and init script.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue that broke scrolling data retrieval on a duplicated search tab.
* Fixed an issue where Scheduled Search timeframe fields would not reflect current values. 
* Fixed an issue where zooming would become unresponsive on dashboards with `Update all tiles when zooming` enabled.
* Fixed an issue where attaching to a search would not display the timeframe of the search used.
* Fixed an issue where the Persistent Search import modal failed to clear previously imported searches from the list.
* Fixed an issue where the `json` module would allow logs to pass through an extraction filter if the filter field was not present in the entry.
* Fixed an issue where pointmap would display incorrect values for EVs.
* Fixed an issue with inverted logic for AND and OR cases in `words` module.
* Fixed an issue with hinting extractions that `winlog` cannot satisfy.
* Fixed an issue with Live Search interval validation.

## Ingesters

### Additions

* Added <a href="/ingesters/customtime/customtime.html#pre-extraction">Pre-extraction</a> to CustomTime Formats to better handle multiple timestamps or timestamp-like fields in incoming data.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with File Follower ingesting partial lines with bursty writes.
* Fixed an issue with config block stucture provided by Windows Event ingester that caused Systems & Health to think the ingester was not connected securely.
* Fixed the ingester stderr logger to include only error, critical, and fatal. 

## Kits

### Additions

* Updated PiHole Kit to add a script that pulls from the PiHole API and creates entries in Gravwell. 
