# Changelog for version 5.4.0

## Released 29 September 2023

## Major New Features

* New [Alerts](/alerts/alerts) interface.
* New improvements for the [`eval`](/search/eval/eval) module.
* New [`intrinsic`](/search/intrinsic/intrinsic) module.
* Added support for [intrinsic enumerated values](intrinsic_enumerated_values).
* Added high availability search agents. 

## New Additions

* Added acceleration support for `eval` when using ax.
* Added filter bar to the CBAC Tag Access Summary table.
* Added the ability to edit permissions on a Kit after it has been installed.
* Added the ability to share a Kit with multiple groups after it has been installed.
* Added Alert Context debugging to Flows to aid development of <a href="/alerts/alerts.html#building-a-consumer-flow">consumer flows</a>.
* Added an optional <a href="/scripting/scheduledsearch.html#timeframe-offsets">Timeframe Offset</a> for Scheduled Searches.
* Added wordcloud settings to allow user to adjust font size when rendering words with very different magnitudes.
* Added Systems & Health pages as options for Home Page preferences.
* Added the ability for JS and Go flow nodes to halt execution.
* Added support for setting output name in JSON Encode flow node.
* Added hinting for macros and `iplookup` columns.
* Added other type of C-style comments: `//`
* Added ingest time EV attach in global config.
* Improved support for overlapping wildcard tags on well definitions.
* Improved performance in the [`winlog`](/search/winlog/winlog) module.
* `ip` module now supports multiple filters when using the same EV.

## Web UI Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Allowed gif uploads for Playbook covers.
* Disabled Kit Download when building a kit form is incomplete.
* Fixed an issue where tooltips were unreadable in light theme.
* Fixed an issue where Query Studio tab data could leak across user accounts.
* Fixed an issue where Playbook was still saved even if autosave was disabled.
* Fixed an issue where an admin user was unable to see other users in the filters for Flows.
* Fixed an issue where an admin user was unable to see flows belonging to other users.
* Fixed an issue where a Scheduled Search sometimes could not be saved if only the timeframe was edited.
* Fixed an issue where Actionables run query action was expanded before executing the query.
* Fixed an issue where Last Run time was not updated for disabled automations (Flows, Scheduled Searches, Scripts).
* Fixed an issue where deleting an uploaded Extractor would not reactively remove it from the list - a refresh was required.
* Fixed an issue where ingester list page would not show calendar data for all wells.
* Fixed an issue where topology view would send many preferences requests.
* Improved consistency of time format across charts.
* Improved performance in Query Studio when there are multiple tabs open and extensive search history.
* Improved performance loading Flows when there are many in the system.
* Improved performance loading Extractors when there are many in the system.
* Required Scheduled Search timeframe to be greater than 0s.
* Required Search capability to be a dependency for ScheduleWrite capability.

## Backend Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Added support for multifiltering hints on ax derived extractions.
* Added multifiltering acceleration support to the `words` module.
* Added strict flag to CEF and fixed malformed data edge case.
* Changed `ipexist` module to drop all unsupported ipv6 matches.
* Changed JSON Encode flow node to output a string instead of a byte array.
* Fixed an edge case in the webserver that could cause a crash.
* Fixed behavior with duplicate search library entries from Kits.
* Fixed an issue with handling the BOM character in fulltext and syslog.
* Fixed an issue with EV timestamp helper and `eval` duration arithmetic that caused problems casting `time()` on a slice.
* Fixed an issue with error diagnostic on reserved word in `eval`.
* Fixed an issue with completions and diagnostics when comments are present.
* Fixed an issue where Get Table Results and Get Text Results would allow negative counts.
* Fixed an issue where `ipfix` module was not handling mac addresses correctly with data exploration.
* Fixed an issue where `time` module wouldn't work when using the `-oformat` flag when combined with a string input.
* Fixed various edge cases with `stats` module.
* Improved overview chart tracking of certain queries.
* Improved behavior when dealing with large attachments in Email flow node.
* Improved handling of webserver startup when datastore is unreachable.
* Improved handling of loadbalancer startup when datastore is unreachable.
* Improved performance for Ingest flow node.

## Ingester Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue that prevented an ingester from exiting if it got into a bad state with both disk and cache being full.