# Changelog for version 5.4.6

## Released 15 March 2024

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added a button in Query Studio to Apply a timeframe without launching a search. 
* Added the ability for Actionable readers to access the form page with disabled inputs.
* Added the ability to enter multi-line Secrets.
* Added a retry for a failed attempt to pull results for an Alert.
* Added the ability to share write access with a group for Scheduled Searches, Flows, and Alerts.
* Any Scheduled Search (dispatcher) or Flow (consumer) that you have access to can be added to an Alert - even if you do not own the Scheduled Search or Flow. 

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue where ingest would fail and retry with overly dramatic logs when attempting to write to a block that was actively aging out.
* Fixed an issue where a search far into the future would consume significatn CPU on the webserver in a cluster environment. 
* Fixed an issue where a "beginning of line" regex delimiter could cause a dropped buffer while waiting for next delimiter and potentially cause data loss in File Follower.
* Fixed an issue where a user could see cached webpages using an expired license and the browser Back button. 
* Fixed an issue where uploading a kit could show a duplicate in a different state. 
* Fixed an issue where a Gravwell API tokens were not respected when hitting an Alerts endpoint.
* Fixed an issue with writing back to files when performing searches that caused stress on COW file systems. 
* Fixed an issue with failover well feeder locking when aborting queries.
* Fixed an incorrect type assertion that could cause a crash in the `slice` module.
* Fixed an issue with indexer shutdown related to timeouts in network connectivity.
* Fixed an issue with detecting and handling oversized blocks in the ingest server.
* Fixed an issue with bounds checking in the ipfix packet parser.
* Fixed an issue with tile metadata in Dashboards. 
* Fixed an issue with creating a Scheduled Search from Query Studio when using a custom duration timeframe. 
* Fixed an issue with performance on the Persistent Searches page when there are a large number of searches. 
* Improved problems with extremely long launch delays when replication was backed by very low IOP storage.
* Improved the way the webserver shuts down.
* Made IP-based filters with no CIDR notation imply a /32 or /128.


## Ingesters
* Updated HTTP ingester to use AWS Firehose naming schemes.

### Additions

* For a timestamp that is zero or some very low value, the HEC ingester will now use the ingest time instead.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with the HTTP ingester running out of memory upon mass reconnect or failure to ingest.
* Improved Federator throughput when lots of indexers are present.
