# Changelog for version 5.5.0

## Released 13 August 2024

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added [multi-factor authentication (MFA)](/configuration/mfa/mfa) using TOTP and recovery codes.
* Added the ability to specify <a href="/search/search.html#specifying-the-search-timeframe-in-query">time constraints</a> in the query itself.
* Added a new [top/bottom](topbottom/topbottom) search module.
* Added hinting for eval `in()` function.
* Added the ability to share a template URL.
* Added the ability to share results for Persistent Searches. 
* Added a state filter to the Persistent Searches list page.
* Added a Last 24h ingest total in Systems & Health.
* Added a warning to Alerts to inform users if the alert owner does not have ingest capability.
* Added unknown groups to the group permissions selector to inform user if his asset is shared by an admin with a group that the user does not have access to.
* Added a warning acknowledgement for granting write access to automations.
* Added buttons on License Upload page to navigate if license has already been uploaded. 
* Added a default sort order to Kit assets.
* Added the ability to set notification ID to 0 to allow duplicate notifications.
* Implemented undo history with element filter requests in Query Studio.
* Packaged the <a href="/tools/tools.html#account-unlock">Account Unlock</a> tool to ship with Gravwell tools.
* Replaced Dashboard advanced editor with import/export buttons.
* Replaced Dashboard autosaving with a save button.

### Bug Fixes
 
* Fixed syntax highlighting for special characters (double pipe, backtick, escaped quotes) in query editor.
* Fixed an issue with passing non-string inputs to the eval `time()` function.
* Fixed an issue with filter request logic in queries when field names needed quotes.
* Fixed an issue where XML extractions were not being removed when they were not requested from AX.
* Fixed an issue where gravlength would drop entries with missing EVs.
* Fixed an issue where the Share Query URL in Query Studio would not update on zoom.
* Fixed an issue where the overview chart would resize during live updates.
* Fixed an issue with overview chart width sizing when re-sizing the browser window.
* Fixed notifications to properly display body variable from Flows Notification node.
* Fixed an issue with the Flows Resource node that caused memory exhaustion.
* Fixed an issue accessing Alerts by GUID for nonexistent users.
* Fixed an issue where Alert simple schema validation could not be scrolled.
* Fixed an issue with uploading a Kit with an overlapping Resource.
* Fixed an issue where a malformed Dashboard would continually send PUT requests.
* Fixed an issue where adding to a Dashboard from Query Studio could be overwritten by Dashboard data open in another tab.
* Fixed an issue where the ignore changes button would actually save changes in Dashboards.
* Fixed an issue where creating a new Dashboard tile pointing at an existing search would duplicate the search. 
* Fixed an issue where a Dashboard tile could cover the settings button if live update was enabled.
* Fixed an issue where the save button in Dashboard settings may cover other text.
* Fixed an issue where SSO login may fail to redirect to home page for user that previously logged in and logged out. 
* Fixed an issue with webserver startup when an indexer is down.
* Fixed an issue with rapid unplanned ageout.
* Fixed an issue with chart rendering in Systems & Health when browser is zoomed.
* Improved performance for getting Systems & Health stats.
* Improved display of Systems & Health calendar to better understand ingestion of historical data.
* Improved validation for live update interval in Dashboards.
* Prevented the current shard from aging out.
* Removed logic for creating directories when running the `-validate` command for well configuration. Running `-validate` should only inform the user.

## Ingester Changes

### Additions

* Added a custom endpoint option for the Kinesis ingester.

### Bug Fixes

* Updated HTTP ingester systemd service to remove unnecessary PIDFile setting to squash possible error message.
