# Changelog for version 5.6.0

## Released 16 October 2024

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added the Free and CE Advanced license tiers.
* Added the ability to download installed Kits.
* Added the [Attach flow node](/flows/nodes/attach).
* Added support for single and double quotes in Data field extractions in winlog.
* Added the ability to share results from scheduled searches and alerts globally or with multiple groups.
* Added `-maxtracked` and `-maxsize` flags to the `fuse` module. 
* Added maps to persistent variables in the `eval` module.
* Added acceleration hints to the `intrinsic` module.
* Added src acceleration hints to the `eval` module.
* Added additional error handling to searches.
* Added support for an ERROR state on the Persistent Searches page.

### Bug Fixes
 
* Improved Renderer Storage Limit notifications.
* Improved recovery for searches resulting in errors. 
* Improved search agent detection of searches which hit an error during a query.
* Improved sharing options for the Persistent Searches pages.
* Improved ageout to prevent hot aging to cold when cold data storage is over its threshold.
* Improved overview chart colors to better reflect the search status for default, warn, and error.
* Fixed an edge case on the Scheduled Search API to improve compliance with OpenAPI spec.
* Fixed an issue where overview stats could be incomplete when the Renderer Storage Limit was reached due to partial results returned.
* Fixed an issue where SSO logins would fail when a token cookie gets too big (e.g. when the groups list is long).
* Fixed an issue where a validation error could be shown on a Dispatcher owned by another user when changing an Alert schema.
* Fixed an issue where a duplicate warning would be incorrectly shown when saving your first query.
* Fixed an issue where uploading an invalid Flow would not display an error message.
* Fixed an issue where a custom label added to a Flow node could be reset by changing focus.
* Fixed an issue where a configuration Macro name would not be saved on Kit download.
* Fixed an issue where Scripts were not properly displayed in the Kit Content List when deploying.
* Fixed an issue where the cursor would jump to the end when trying to add characters to the beginning or middle of a Macro name.
* Fixed an issue where the Last Run time would not be updated without refreshing for Scheduled Searches and Scripts.
* Fixed an issue where the `Scheduled` value for Flows was incorrectly populated with the executed time instead of the scheduled time.
* Fixed an issue where the text renderer did not show intrinsic EVs without using the `intrinsic` module.
* Fixed an issue where acceleration was not working with the `src` module.
* Fixed an issue where `lookup` module could not read a CSV smaller than 8 bytes.
* Fixed an issue with resource name resolution for queries run as admin.
* Fixed an issue where a timeframe lock would be lost after two consecutive launches in Query Studio.
* Fixed an issue where enabling live search would cause the 'Fetching data...' message to be displayed until the next update.
* Fixed permissions in shell installers to ensure all files are owned by gravwell:gravwell instead of root.
* Sorted EVs in the Query Studio Fields tab to prevent them from rearranging.

## Ingester Changes

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed a bug in the syslog ingester preprocessor that would crash given certain malformed input.
