# Changelog for version 5.7.1

## Released 11 February 2025

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added the option to begin a conversation with Logbot AI running a search first. This may be useful when asking Logbot for help writing regular expressions or other simple tasks. 
* Added optional keys in Throttle Flow node. 

### Improvements

* Improved Logbot AI by preserving previous results even when changing renderers.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue where point-to-point maps would not render correctly.
* Fixed an issue where doing a debug run for an automation would cause the search agent to assume that the next _scheduled_ run had already been completed which could result in a schedule automations being skipped. 
* Fixed an issue where the access summary was not be displayed correctly for Macros.
* Fixed an issue where Scheduled Searches would prompt for a user to save changes even if no changes were made.
* Fixed an issue with adding notes to an uploaded Persistent Search.
* Fixed an issue where Resources would always show that the last change was made by the owner even if it was last changed by a user that the Resource was shared with.
* Fixed an issue where the Favorites list would not work if a broken Dashboard was present.
* Fixed an issue where the Dashboards list would not work if a broken Dashboard was present.
* Fixed an issue where deleted shards could be pulled back from replication. 
* Fixed an issue with replication tag conflicts. 
* Fixed an issue where a SIGUSR1 signal would not be caught correctly during indexer startup that is taking a long time.