# Changelog for version 5.7.0

## Released 29 January 2024

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added [AI](/search/ai/ai) to help users explain search entries.
* Added a new streaming migration tool called [Ditto](/configuration/ditto) to move from one Gravwell instance to another.
* Added 24-hour clock format to [Preferences](#preferences). 
* Added support for switch statements in [eval](/search/eval/eval).
* Added a "Run as" field to [Alert Consumers](#define-a-consumer) to make it more obvious which permissions will be used when the consumer is triggered.

### Improvements

* Improved logging for automation executions missed due to backfill being disabled.
* Improved logging for time-based ageout to include shard size and working time.
* Improved the order of timeframe selection options in the picker.
* Improved the right side pane in Query Studio to better manage history, query, library, and notes. These changes also support the addition of the AI Logbot chat.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with grep providing hints on more than one inner word.
* Fixed an issue where forgotten ingesters would not be immediately removed from the list.
* Fixed an issue where storage-based ageout would migrate to cold even if the shard was outside cold's retention period. Now jump straight to deleting instead.
* Fixed an issue where a single indexer could block all ingest.
* Fixed an issue where an ingest muxer sync could stall indefinitely.
* Fixed an issue where intermediate tag translation would quietly roll over to tag 0.
* Fixed an issue with dangling GIDs that could cause problems with group sharing.

