# Changelog for version 5.8.0

## Released 07 May 2025

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added a [`reingest`](/search/reingest/reingest) module.
* Added a [`keep`](/search/keep/keep) module.
* Added a new [`-maxcount`](#transaction-options) option in the `transaction` module.
* Added [trigonometry math functions](#eval-math) in the `eval` module.
* Added [inline relative offsets for time](#time-constraint-summary) and made updates to behavior in compound queries.
* Added [S3 cloud archive](#s3-cloud-archive).
* Added [`delete-delay`](#delete-delay) and [`storage-reserve`](#storage-reserve) options for replication configuration.
* Added ECDSA support for SSO.
* Added SSO support for Free and Community editions.

### Improvements

* Improved restart times for smoother upgrades.
* Improved webserver-indexer challenge response authentication.
* Improved query abort logic and signaling.
* Improved startup and shutdown handler to make early aborts safer and easier to unwind.
* Improved Flows so that branches execute independently and a failure on one branch will not cause the whole flow to stop. 
* Improved Throttle flow node to accept duration variables generated at runtime by other nodes such as the Javascript node or the Text Template node.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed the Teams flow node to use new Azure workflow instead of deprecated webhook.
* Fixed an edge case where a combination of zooming and configuring an extractor would cause the wrong entry to be displayed in Data Explorer.
* Fixed an issue where the `transaction` module size tracker failed to decrement after an entry was evicted. 
* Fixed an issue where compressing small messages caused indexers to run out of memory. 
* Fixed an issue where webserver clients were too aggressive about discarding slow indexers and engaging replication.
* Fixed an issue with hot and cold cumulative ageouts.

## Ingester Changes

### Additions

* Implemented user-specifiable validity windows in timegrinder. Any timestamps found outside those windows will be ignored.