# Changelog for version 5.8.12

## Released 12 March 2026

## Gravwell

```{attention}
This release contains several high priority bug fixes to address security concerns by reinstating account lockouts and restricting token permissions.
```

### Additions

* Added a new [Google Chat Message flow node](/flows/nodes/googlechat) to send a message to a Google Chat space via webhook.
* Added a new [Logbot flow node](/flows/nodes/logbot) to send input text to the Logbot API to analyze, explain, or summarize log data and text.
* Added a new [PagerDuty Create Incident flow node](/flows/nodes/pagerduty) to create PagerDuty incidents for alerting and incident management.
* Added a new [SQL Query flow node](/flows/nodes/sql) to executes SQL SELECT queries against external databases and makes the results available to the flow.
* Added a new [`kmeans` module](/search/kmeans/kmeans) to perform [k-means clustering](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K-means_clustering) on numeric enumerated values.
* Added the ability to cancel token regeneration.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue where the CLI could not authenticate users with MFA required.
* Fixed an issue where an admin would take ownership of a token if they regenerated it on behalf another user.
* Improved sort performance when multiple sort modules are used.
* Reinstated account lockout logic.
* Restricted implicit permissions not bound by CBAC for admin tokens.

## Ingester Changes

### Additions

* Added a new [JSON Router Preprocessor](/ingesters/preprocessors/jsonrouter) for routing entries to different tags based on the value of a JSON field within the entries.
* Added transparent decompression on S3 objects.