# Changelog for version 5.8.10

## Released 15 January 2026

## Gravwell

```{attention}
This release contains a high priority bug fix for a security violation where the Go Flow node script could access and perform dangerous ioctl functions.
```

### Additions

* Added the ability to resize the query editor or open it in a modal for the Go and JavaScript Flow nodes.
* Added a global config option to set a default `Ageout-Time` for wells that do not set their own. 

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed the default formatters for objects in the payload coming from Alerts.
* Fixed an issue where incorrect bounds checking for enumerated arrays could cause queries to fail.
* Fixed an issue with a caching deadlock for the Kit APIs.
* Fixed an issue with retrieving assets that were shared with Write access when trying to resolve the "most appropriate" asset by GUID.
* Fixed an issue where the Persistent Search Expiration for an Alert could not be edited without first refreshing the page or re-enabling search retention.
* Fixed an issue where a user would see a blank read-only Alerts form instead of a Not Found message when attempting to access an Alert they did not have permission to access.
* Fixed an issue where modals from Flow nodes were not visible in full screen mode.
* Removed the ioctl package and tightened searchagent security for the Go Flow node.

## Ingester Changes

### Additions

* Added an [Attach Preprocessor](/ingesters/preprocessors/attach) to attch intrinsic values to entries per processor.
* Added a [Regex Drop Preprocessor](/ingesters/preprocessors/regexdrop) to drop or pass entry data based on a regular expression.
* Added `Attach-Metadata` config option to the S3 ingester to allow setting the `bucket` and `key` as intrinsic enumerated values.

## General/Miscellaneous

* The webserver health check API now takes into account the health of indexers and replication. If the webserver is not able to fully service a search, it will now respond with a 500 on that API.