# Changelog for version 5.9.0

## Released 21 May 2026

## Gravwell

### Additions

* Added new [tool calls](mcp-tools) in Gravwell MCP.
* Added [MCP integration](external-mcp-integrations) with external tools.
* Added a [default expiration for background searches](background_search).
* Added the ability to chown orphaned accounts by specifying a UID with the CLI.
* Added better logging when the owner of an Alert has been deleted. 
* Added ability for Logbot AI to help write, copy, and execute queries.
* Added improved performance for displyaing ingester rates in Systems & Health.
* Added improved error handling for Query Studio and Logbot AI.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue where the banner to inform users of a version mismatch would not appear.
* Fixed an issue where updating macOS ingesters via .pkg would overwrite the old conf file.
* Fixed an issue where searchagent could fail to exit cleanly during an upgrade.
* Fixed an issue where first and last names were not properly displayed with a space between them for SSO users created by SAML.
* Fixed an issue where the 'other' category was misapplied to an unrelated label in chart views when configured to be excluded.
* Fixed an issue where the Data Ingester page would not render previously ingested data until some other click or action was performed.
* Fixed an issue where toggling the node palette in Flows would cause the flow canvas to duplicate.
* Fixed an issue where a zero timestamp was not properly handled when attempting to download search results using the CLI.
* Fixed an issue where an incorrect shardID could appear in log messages.
* Fixed an issue where psi sampling could cause a panic on old kernels.
* Fixed an issue with duplicate error messages that could occur due to misspellings or lack of quotes in the config.
* Fixed an issue with a panic due to missing end quote in the config.
* Fixed an issue with search result retention that occurred when a scheduled search and an alert were linked but owned by two different users.
* Fixed table formatting in Logbot AI responses.

## Ingester Changes

### Additions

* Added a new [Mimecast ingester](/ingesters/mimecast).
* Added a new [Okta ingester](/ingesters/okta).
* Added a [Max-Entry-Size](max-entry-size) configuration option for ingesters.
* Added a [Debug-Posts](debug-posts) configuration option to all HTTP ingesters.
* Added a [Buffer-Size](http-listener-config) HTTP listener configuration option.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue where missing milliseconds caused timegrinder to fail to extract a timestamp.
* Fixed an issue where the HTTP ingester dynamic config reload would not negotiate tags to push the config.
* Fixed an issue where invalid SD-PARAMs would cause the whole log entry to be dropped. 
* Fixed an issue where the S3/SQS ingester did not report which queue does not exist in error messages.